feat(complete): completeopt support popup like vim (#24723)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• Added |:fclose| command.

> • 'completeopt' option supports for "popup" flags for show extra information
>   in floating window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• 'completeopt' option supports "popup" flag to show extra information in
  floating window.
```
